---
id: 204010
title: "6x8TB 3.5" 7200RPM HDD + 2x480G NVMe + 2.5Gbps Unmetered   DEDICATED SERVER PRESALE! || Pulsed Media"
date: "2025-11-12T09:37:04+00:00"
author: "Unknown"
link: "https://lowendtalk.com/discussion/204010/6x8tb-3-5-7200rpm-hdd-2x480g-nvme-2-5gbps-unmetered-dedicated-server-presale-pulsed-media"
---
# 6x8TB 3.5" 7200RPM HDD + 2x480G NVMe + 2.5Gbps Unmetered   DEDICATED SERVER PRESALE! || Pulsed Media
**Link:** [Original Thread](https://lowendtalk.com/discussion/204010/6x8tb-3-5-7200rpm-hdd-2x480g-nvme-2-5gbps-unmetered-dedicated-server-presale-pulsed-media)

Pulsed Media MD Series; Storage Node Presale!
=============================================

We are just building these now, coming to market shortly. This is for presale of limited number of initial nodes at a discount!

All the crucial hardware in stock, we are just finishing the engineering and testing for these units. This will take approximately 2 months at most, so all nodes should be delivered by 01/06/2025

We want to thank the community and offer a presale with heavy discounts to LET community and to see how these nodes behave!

Specs
-----

### Node 1

* CPU: Intel N100 4c/4t 3.40Ghz
* RAM: 16GB DDR5
* STORAGE, OS: 2x480GB NVMe RAID1
* STORAGE, BULK: 6x8TB 7200rpm SATA HDD
* NETWORK: 2.5Gbps Fair-Share Unmetered (w/ dedicated upgrade option!)

Price: 69.97€ Per Month, 59.97€/Mo paid quarterly, 49.97€/Mo paid annually.  
Number available: 8

**[PREORDER YOURS](http://pulsedmedia.com/clients/cart.php?a=add&pid=349&billingcycle=annually)**

### Node 2

* CPU: Intel N100 4c/4t 3.40Ghz
* RAM: 16GB DDR5
* STORAGE, OS: 2x480GB NVMe RAID1
* STORAGE, BULK: 6x12TB 7200rpm SATA HDD
* NETWORK: 2.5Gbps Fair-Share Unmetered (w/ dedicated upgrade option!)

Price: 99.97€ Per Month, 84.97€/Mo paid quarterly, 74.97€/Mo paid annually.  
Number available: 2

**[PREORDER YOURS](http://pulsedmedia.com/clients/cart.php?a=add&pid=350&billingcycle=annually)**

### Networking

2.5Gbps Fair Share means that we recommend sticking to about 50TB a month, but are not hard capped but soft cap; If there is issues on that cluster with congestion, or that network segment, then heaviest users will be capped, or told to upgrade or something. It's a manual and soft.  
We also look at your whole fleet, if one of your nodes is using 200TB a month, but others sit idle. etc etc.

You can very cost effectively upgrade to Enhanced Fair-Use (~200TB) 12.99€/Month or Dedicated 2.5Gbps Port (No Limits Ever!) 39.97€&Month

All servers come with 1x IPv4 address, and no IPv6 (use tunnel). No addon IPs will be available.

### Software Distros etc.

We are currently working, so base delivery as Debian 11 only right now. With these it's a bit special config so we might finally get proof of concept level templating out of the door for these (rather than deal with preseed configs etc.!).

Reboots, reinstalls only through ticketing right now.

### Datacenter

These are housed in our own Helsinki Datacenter and on our own network. No, this is not Hetzner or anyone else. We run and operate our own Datacenter and network.

Refund Policy
-------------

Unlike normal dedis, this is presale so rules are better;

90days: Before delivery full refund back using the same payment method (Paypal. Crypto refunds not available, only credit when paid with crypto) OR credit your choice.

After delivery: If no fatal node issues (server works fine at expected level) None like other dedis, if it turns out this config sucks then 30 days refund to credit.

Delivery
--------

Estimate by June 1st, 2025.  
If delayed further than July 1st, 2025 we will add additional 50% extra service time once delivered (ie. if delayed by 2 months we add 3 months)

No payment for waiting period naturally, ignore if renewal invoices before delivery.

MD Series?
----------

Discussion and original thread: <https://lowendtalk.com/discussion/184789/pulsed-media-miniservers-transcoding-servers-streaming-servers-nvme-1g-unmetered-from-29-99/p1>

All MD Series nodes currently available: <https://pulsedmedia.com/minidedi-dedicated-servers-finland.php>

Extra Info
==========

* [Very Strong Privacy Policy](http://wiki.pulsedmedia.com/index.php/Pulsed_Media_Privacy_Policy)
* [Terms Of Service](http://pulsedmedia.com/terms%20and%20conditions.pdf)
* Datacenter Location: Helsinki, Finland
* Some latency metrics: 20ms DECIX, 36ms OVH, 38ms Online, 0.4-0.6ms Cloudflare, 31ms Leaseweb, 36ms Redstation (UK), 23ms Hetzner (DE), 23ms Serverloft/PlusServer

*Payment methods*

* Paypal
* Crypto (BTC, LTC, XMR, ETH, DOGE and many others.)

Why Choose Pulsed Media?
========================

* **Experience**: Over a decade in the industry, providing smooth and reliable services.
* **Happy Customers**: Many have stayed with us for 5+ years, some even for over a decade!

**Testimonials**: Check out what our satisfied customers had to say below:

* *"You run a magnificent service with a truly impressive uptime. I really appreciate the effort you put in to keeping alt this running and responding to tickets quickly."* -R.L. / GB
* *"Just wanted to say the new box seems pretty nice. Definitely a very noticeable improvement when I went to check it out for the first time today. Thanks!"* -D.H. / USA
* *"Just wanted to give positive feedback on the migration, it went as you communicated and I had limited downtime, now having much better performance. Well done guys !"* -M.P. / Belgium
* *"Thank you for the great no-nonsense service."* -Anton V / India
* *"Wow.. Congratulations...! That's a huge achievement and I am glad to hear that you are getting the word out there. The longevity of your service to your 12th year anniversary is a testament to the great services that is provided. Congratulations!"* -Steven T. / Australia

**Not Convinced?** [Get The Nearly Free Trial Seedbox For 9cents!](https://pulsedmedia.com/free-seedbox.php)!
