---
id: 209918
title: "Layer.ae | Annual Fest 2025 | Freebies | Giveaways | Discounts!"
date: "2025-11-23T08:56:48+00:00"
author: "Unknown"
link: "https://lowendtalk.com/discussion/209918/layer-ae-annual-fest-2025-freebies-giveaways-discounts"
---
# Layer.ae | Annual Fest 2025 | Freebies | Giveaways | Discounts!
**Link:** [Original Thread](https://lowendtalk.com/discussion/209918/layer-ae-annual-fest-2025-freebies-giveaways-discounts)

Hello LET!

Another year, another milestone! Thanks to the incredible LET community, we’re back with our Annual Fest, and this time we’re going all out.

This past year, we’ve stayed true to what works ... Our powerhouse AMD Ryzen 7950X lineup, still running strong at the same solid pricing across Spokane, Coventry, and Singapore.

But that’s just the foundation. Here’s what’s coming next ... Even more features rolling out this year, built to take performance and flexibility to the next level.

A brand-new location is almost ready to join the family (hint: you won’t have to wait long).

And in classic LET fashion, we’re not stopping there. More surprises are on the way.

This year's Annual Fest is all about celebrating with you! Get ready, because 2025 is shaping up to be our boldest chapter yet!!

---

**Here for the freebies and giveaways? Read on below...**
=========================================================

As part of our Annual Fest, we’ll be rewarding community engagement by selecting the 20 most active participants in this thread. Winners will be chosen at random from that group, and every post boosts your chances of walking away with a prize from our giveaway!

Some of these include:

* Layer Merchandise
* Tech Accessories
* Electronics
* Gift Cards
* Layer Account Credit
* Layer VPS Upgrades

We will be also offering random giveaways till the 22nd of October (1 whole month of festivities), so keep a close eye on this thread and participate!

---

**Looking For A Discount? Read on below...**
============================================

Use coupon code "50ANNUALFEST25" for a one time 50% DISCOUNT or "25ANNUALFEST25" for a 25% RECURRING DISCOUNT on any of our products available at <https://my.layer.ae> !\*

For Example our L512M plan:  
1x AMD Ryzen 9 7950X (4.5 GHz++)  
512MB DDR5 RAM  
10GB NVMe (PCIe 4.0)  
500GB Bandwidth  
10Gbit Port  
1x IPv4 Address  
/64 IPv6  
DDOS Watch™  
5x FREE Backup Slots  
Automated rDNS  
VirtFusion Control Panel  
Available in 🇺🇸🇬🇧🇸🇬  
$20/Annual $10/Annual one time or $15/Annual recurring  
Order: <https://my.layer.ae/store/amd-ryzen-10gbit-nvme>  
Additional products are available at <https://my.layer.ae>

---

**Looking For Exclusive Annual Fest Plans? Read on below...**
=============================================================

During our Annual Fest, we’ll be unveiling one exclusive plan each day. These plans will be available only to the LET community and offered at a special discounted rate. Each deal will be posted at <https://my.layer.ae/store/annual-fest-2025> on a first-come, first-served basis. Missed out? No worries! Check back the next day for the next release!

Watch out for the random LUCKY DROP, which will give you a chance to get upgrades for upto 50% OFF for life!

---

**Made a purchase on or after the 22nd of September 2025? Read on below...**
============================================================================

Comment your order number and receive additional bandwidth for FREE!\*\* Lucky winners get additional upgrades!

---

**Looking Glass, IPs & Test Files**
===================================

Spokane, WA 🇺🇸  
Looking Glass: <https://spk-lg.layer.ae>  
IPv4: 199.119.138.3  
IPv6: 2602:fafd:f50:1::a

Coventry, UK 🇬🇧  
Looking Glass: <https://cov-lg.layer.ae>  
IPv4: 207.2.121.3  
IPv6: 2a05:dfc1:7f00:1::a

Singapore, Singapore 🇸🇬  
Looking Glass: <https://sgp-lg.layer.ae>  
IPv4: 207.2.122.3  
IPv6: 2602:fafd:f52:1::a

---

Wishing you all an amazing Annual Fest 2025!
